faintly well done it and this video is
called a beyblade excuse me sho got
steel versus 0g today we have got pirate
kill Arjun versus no pirates killer Ken
vs. pirates crack it yeah duel and I'm
gonna say something and it is release
the Kraken what do you mean we ran out
of Krakens don't look nephews beyblades
so sir I make a joke but time anyways
are about or will be in the attack type
CD I'm gonna reason wise because I think
that Stadium is more better than into
the bay blaze and I mean I think it's
more better for the beyblades
so anyways three two one
our winner is pirates back in yes wish
this whore of one a zero so now round
two our winner is
pirates kill our kid I look for us
pirates cracking scores now one one zone
now round three one one so now round
three um it's kind of hard to get it
like a real good shot with the camera
cuz I'm doing this by myself
our winner is tired quick crack it Godse
house smells pretty good meeting awesome
big plates so anyone who scores now to
one so now round wake someone now round
yeah Round four
really
Oh Otto for all the things that could
have happened it just had to be Stadium
out okay let me see the way will be for
this round
so we'll just well I guess is pretty
much the end hello the wall around some
fans
really really really you gotta be
kidding me
pirates killer King the winner of the
real was the winner of the battle is
well pirate Kraken
Krakens have been released at pond I
guess I don't know I think with you you
know really - awesome a place just to
see which one's better
Tucker tummy or Hasbro zero - your show
can steal
so anyways please make sure you like
this video make it your favorite and
share it please subscribe thanks for
watching I hope you enjoyed this video
as much as I did